{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt873\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Abdul basit
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 923-242-586315\uc0\u8232 basitarif235@gmail.com \'95 https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdul-basit-531a97189/\u8232 karachi, Pakistan, 755 50\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\b OBJECTIVE
\f1\b0\fs4 \
\pard\tx9088\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\li284\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 I\'92m passionate about turning data into actionable insights and solving problems effectively. My expertise lies in creating models that enhance customer-agent interactions. I thrive in collaborative settings, quickly adapting to real-world challenges. With a flexible schedule and a drive to lead production activities, I\'92m ready to execute deployment plans for optimal results\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\b EDUCATION
\f1\b0\fs4 \
\pard\tx9088\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\
\pard\tqr\tx9088\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs21 \cf0 Computer Science
\f1\b0 	Sep 2018 - Aug 2022\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Salim Habib University \'95 karachi, Pakistan\cf0 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\li284\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 GPA: 3.1 BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN COMPUTER SCIENCE\'a0\
\
\pard\tqr\tx9088\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Computer Science
\f1\b0 	Apr 2016 - Apr 2018\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Delhi govt College \'95 Karachi, Pakistan\cf0 	\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\b SKILLS
\f1\b0\fs4 \
\pard\tx9088\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li568\fi-284\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 Python Programming\
Sql\
Tensorflow\
Streamlit\
LangChain\'a0\
AWS\
Docker\'a0\
Github Actions\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 PROJECTS
\f1\b0\fs4 \
\pard\tx9088\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li568\fi-284\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs21 \cf0 Mobile Games A/B Testing with Cookie Cats
\f1\b0 : In this project, I conducted an A/B test to assess player retention over 1 day and 7 days, while examining the impact of variations at different stages of game. The analysis aimed to determine if these variations influenced player engagement and retention, providing insights for game design decisions\
\

\f0\b Employee Turnover Reduction:
\f1\b0  In this project,I delved into understanding the reasons behind employees leaving the company after investing months of their time. Using visualization tools like Seaborn and Matplotlib libraries, I visualized the data to uncover insights into employee attrition\
\

\f0\b Titanic Dataset:\'a0
\f1\b0 The main objective when working with the Titanic dataset is often to predict whether a passenger survived or not based on the other available features. It is a common dataset for practicing data preprocessing, exploratory data analysis, feature engineering, and machine learning classification algorithms
\f0\b .\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Marketing Perspective Application:
\f1\b0 \'a0In this project, I developed a system using Large Language Model that analyzes multiple pictures as inputs to generate marketing insights. By interpreting visual cues, the system suggests ideal marketing strategies, product name, and descriptions based on the images provided\'a0\
\

\f0\b Document Reader Project:\'a0
\f1\b0 In this project, I used OpenAI and LangChain to help people easily understand and get useful info from documents. It makes getting insights from papers and files a whole lot simpler\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\b AWARDS AND HONOURS
\f1\b0\fs4 \
\pard\tx9088\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\
\pard\tqr\tx9088\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs21 \cf0     Dean Honor List
\f1\b0 	2022\
\pard\pardeftab720\li284\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0    I made the Dean\'92s Honors List last semester for top-notch academic performance. It\'92s a testament to my dedication and love for learning. Excited to keep pushing forward!\
\
\pard\tqr\tx9088\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0    Face Recognition Project (Class Project)
\f1\b0 	2021\
\pard\pardeftab720\li284\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0   I\'92ve developed an exceptionally accurate Face Recognition Software using advanced machine learning techniques. Training it with a dataset of 21 individuals resulted in achieving the highest accuracy compared to other similar systems.\
\'a0\
\pard\tqr\tx9088\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0    Treasurer Sport Society
\f1\b0 	2021\
\pard\pardeftab720\li284\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0   Running the finances for a sports society with hundreds of members has been a big leadership role for me. Handling all    that responsibility taught me how to lead and manage a large group of people\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li284\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\b CERTIFICATIONS
\f1\b0\fs4 \
\pard\tx9088\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li568\fi-284\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 Neural Network and Deep Learning (Coursera)\
Convolutional Neural Network (Coursera)\
Structuring Machine Learning Project (Coursera)\
Improving Deep Neural Network Hyperparameter Tuning, Regularization and optimization (Coursera)\
Basic Image Classification with TensorFlow (Coursera)\
Data Manipulation with pandas (Data Camp)\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}